What is a word that describes you well?
How would your friends describe you with a single word?
Is there something that you're oddly good at?
What is a skill you would love to have but would hate to have to work for?
Would you rather travel into the past or the future if you couldn't return?
Where did you grow up?
What is the most underrated virtue?
What is the most overrated virtue?
What trait do you respect most in others?
Do you have an irrational fear?
Do you have a favorite book?
Do you have a high or low risk tolerance?
What has been your primary profession?
What was your favorite subject in school?
What was your least favorite subject in school?
If you were guaranteed to be the best at one thing, what would it be?
Would you go into space if given the opportunity?
Is there anywhere on earth you have zero interest in traveling to?
Would you rather have to listen to only country or only rap for the rest of your life?
What toppings make the perfect pizza?
What is your least favorite question to be asked?
What is your favorite cuisine?
What is your least favorite cuisine?
Are you an introvert or an extrovert?
What is your most difficult accomplishment?
Do you avoid confrontation or seek it out?
Are there any common misconceptions about you?
Do you like adrenaline rushes?
What is your favorite app on the phone or computer?
Do you know any good one-liners?
Do you like documentaries?
Do you like horror movies or tv shows?
What is something you think is really underrated?
What is something you think is really overrated?
Do you have a life lesson to tell us?
Do you have a favorite saying?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Can you play any instruments?
Do you have any hobbies?
What day is your birthday?
Do you have any unconventional skills?
What is something about you people do not expect?
Do you like structure and organization?
Do you enjoy formal attire?
What is the longest you've gone without sleep?
What do you pride yourself on?
Do you like gambling?
What is the worst present you've ever received?
What game, if any, are you best at?
How do you prefer eggs cooked?
What genre of music do you dislike the most?
Would you rather be smart or happy?
What is your strongest and weakest sense?
What is your favorite city?
Are you a morning or evening person?
Do you value traditions?
